Who is this person?
Is it him?
He is Tae Yang's...
birth father.
A lot has changed.
Seoul always feels
new whenever I come.
Did you settle everything in the US
to permanently come back?
I have a lot to do in Korea.
Are you talking about
business matters for the company?
I must find someone.
(Menu Developing Contest
Final Round)
(Episode 7)
Did you have a good dream
last night?
Yes, two dragons appeared
in front of me,
and flew to the sky.
- That's a conception dream.
- A conception dream?
Why are you touching your stomach?
You're so naive.
Let's go.
Move, move.
Chairman, welcome.
It's been a long time.
Isn't that Chairman Kevin?
He's smiling at you.
I know.
He's coming.
What is your name?
My name is Jung Tae Yang.
Jung Tae Yang?
Are you participating
in today's contest?
Yes, I just made it to the second
round, and I'm here for the finals.
Really? I'll keep an eye on you.
Let's see how good you've become.
How good he's become?
That's awesome.
I think he recognizes you.
Have you ever met him?
No, I've never met him.
I don't remember meeting him.
He must have mistaken me for him.
Who?
Don't you see the sword?
Take it out for me.
"Goblin"?
Take it out for me. Darn it.
The contest will start in one hour.
The subject is a table that
captivates your heart.
The final results are up to you.
Do you happen to know...
Jung Tae Yang?
He might be...
the person I'm looking for.
I see.
What does that mean?
It's not enough that I hate
Jung Tae Yang,
but even the chairman knows him now?
- What should I do?
- Why are you asking?
I'll leave it to you.
Yes, ma'am.
Here.
You'll calm down after drinking
this bamboo shoot tea.
I'm sorry.
I'll drink it later.
Tell me the secret you're hiding.
What is it? Why are you so alarmed?
Why are you suddenly looking
at the photo of Tae Yang's father?
It's nothing.
He just threatened me,
so it bothered me.
- How did he threaten you?
- I already told you.
Someone was investigating me, and
he'll let people know if he's upset.
- What's he going to let them know?
- Why are you so curious?
Did you already forget
what you said?
You said it didn't matter what
kind of woman I was and what I did.
Was that a lie?
Is that why you're interrogating me?
Don't you know me?
I'll have to know
what is happening...
- to protect you.
- I don't need your protection.
I'll handle my own business.
Just pretend that you don't know.
That's how you can help me.
Is this related
to Tae Yang's father?
It must be.
What is it?
What happened between you two?
How come you never talk about him
to Tae Yang and me?
Do you really want to know?
The moment you find out the truth,
I will not be the same,
and so will you.
That very moment,
your love for me will disappear
into thin air.
Honey.
Do you still want to know the truth?
Fine.
If that's what you want,
I'll tell you.
- Mom!
Let's have a party.
Eun Byul wants to throw a party for
Tae Yang if he wins the contest.
We already bought
everything we need.
How nice. That was
so nice of you, Eun Byul.
Let me see.
I brought a lot, didn't I?
I hope he wins.
(Menu Developing Contest
Final Round)
The final round
of SC Food and Beverage's...
menu developing contest
will begin now.
Today's theme is making the best
meal with the worst ingredients.
In our company's freezer,
various frozen ingredients
are prepared for you to cook.
You'll be given only an hour.
Within your given time,
you must defrost and cook the best
meal with cheap ingredients.
This is impossible.
How can we cook with frozen
ingredients within an hour?
Just shut it,
and do what I tell you to do.
I'm the chef here.
Strangely, I hate that guy.
Chairman Kevin has selected
this special ingredient.
Let me reveal it to you now.
What does he mean
by special ingredient?
That will be today's
main ingredient.
There are so many things
to keep up with.
They must be kidding me.
I knew it. This is like him.
You should use eggs as your
main ingredient.
Please make the best meal
with what's given.
Your time beings now.
You're ready, right?
Where's beef tenderloin?
Chef, I found the tenderloin!
Do you think that will
defrost in time?
Thank you.
Start boiling water. We need to
defrost the meat first.
Blanch the vegetables
in the hot water just slightly.
Rinse the frozen cockles with water.
What about the rest?
I'll take care of the rest.
- Go.
- Yes, sir.
- Hurry.
- Yes, chef.
- Let's hurry.
- Did you get everything?
Where is seaweed fulvescens?
He's been taken care of.
Don't worry, and enjoy the contest.
(Choi Sun Young)
Congratulations, Father.
You'll be a grandfather soon.
All right.
There isn't much in life.
This is the joy of life.
Hold on.
What should I buy them
for their present?
Since her family is rich,
I can't give her cash.
That's right! This is it.
(Lee Kyuh La)
All right.
This is good.
We have to head out soon.
Aren't you going to get ready?
Okay. I'm going to.
Wait. Hold on.
What is it?
What is this?
Was there something on my face?
It's your beauty.
Goodness, you said you'll
give me one last chance.
I have to survive even if it means
making jokes like this.
Don't you think so, Young Hye?
Goodness, what are you doing?
- Come on.
- What's the matter with you? Stop.
- I won't stop.
- What's up with you?
- I'll keep doing this.
- What are you doing?
Oh, my. I can feel your potbelly.
- That's quite chubby.
- Please stop!
- There's a lot of fat there.
- Goodness.
- We can do something with this.
- I told you to stop.
Goodness, it hurts. How dare you?
I told you to stop.
Why did you keep touching me?
Unbelievable.
Hey.
Do you think I like doing this?
To be honest, there's nothing
to see since you're old.
I was just trying my best
to have a good life.
I'm putting all of my effort,
but you can't even play along?
What? Am I wrong?
Are you going to tell me
you want to gradate marriage again?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm the one who deserves
all the blame, but...
I need some time to adjust.
Forgive me.
Be careful.
But don't you think
we might be going overboard?
It's not like she has
delivered her baby yet.
She just got pregnant.
What are you talking about?
Children begin their education
in their mothers' womb.
If I want my grandchild to be
as successful as So Won,
we need to work hard
for the child's education.
That child is going
to have a tough life.
What? What did you say?
Come back.
Why?
Come here!
Do you think I'm a joke?
Now that I treat you like a queen,
do you think you're better than me?
Let me warn you.
Don't use marriage graduation
as a weapon and look down on me.
Honey, when did I...
I told you.
When it comes
to educating our children,
you don't have a say in that.
Because I took charge and matched
a good wife for So Won,
he has become a successful
doctor from a nobody.
Have you forgotten what I have done?
Are you talking
about Su Mi right now?
Hey!
I already warned you.
Don't even bring up her name.
Anyway, as long as...
I have a healthy grandchild,
my 35-year plan will be
completed at last.
So a stupid housewife like you,
whose perspective is limited...
as you only cooked food at home,
should just need to listen to me.
Okay?
Understood?
I have heard your reputation
in this industry.
She's my only daughter.
It's been four years
since she got married,
but she can't seem to get pregnant.
Please help us.
It's true.
I must conceive a child.
My husband thinks that I'm pregnant
right now.
I'm getting infertility
treatment from the clinic also.
But the whole universe must come
together and give me a way.
I will perform an exorcism
if necessary...
or carry talismans if I have to.
Gosh, you're pathetic.
What?
Who's pathetic?
Am I pathetic? Is it me?
Yes.
Wrapping yourself with expensive
clothes won't do you any good.
Your heart is a rag.
Even if you use money
as your sitting cushion,
you're no better than a drunk beggar
at Seoul Station, you witch.
Witch?
Is that how you talk
to your clients?
Give it to me. Let me see your ring.
- Why?
- Give it to me.
Goodness. You must've gone mad.
What is it?
What?
- I'm tired.
- Gosh.
Hurry.
- Oh, my.
- My legs hurt.
Hurry up, and come here.
I'm tired.
My legs hurt!
I said let's go!
Mom, I'm scared.
He's gone mad.
- I want to go home.
- Be quiet. Shut it.
He must be seeing something.
Be quiet.
Did you see something?
Are you sensing something?
You should be punished.
You punk.
What are you talking about?
Don't you have any respect
for your elders?
Is that all you have to say?
I see a little boy.
You witch!
You've done something evil. That's
why your daughter can't have kids.
It doesn't matter whether it takes
hundreds or thousands of years.
Regardless of gender,
your breed will be dry,
and you'll have no descendants.
Shut it, you punk!
You're speaking carelessly.
You're ruining the future
of my daughter, you jerk.
Is that all you have to say?
Don't you even dare say
something like this again.
I'm going to take your tongue out
if you speak another word.
Mind your own business.
I knew he would be a charlatan.
I can't believe
someone crazy like him exists.
- Mom, wait for me.
- Hold on!
Yes?
You need to pay before you go.
I'll pay.
Mom, wait for me.
You can't pretend
that it didn't happen.
You are so foolish.
Your sin will pay back soon.
That was disastrous.
Mom, are you okay?
Your lips are so pale.
It looks like you'll faint soon.
He's just putting up a show.
How will a charlatan like him know?
Don't mind him.
That's just all superstition.
Let's go pray somewhere else
and never come back here.
Okay.
I could go to the underworld
to turn...
the heart of my husband back to me.
- Goodness.
- Gosh.
Let's go pray
(Every success starts
from a weak start.)
(Don't dream of getting rich quick.
Good Network Korea)
Have you eaten yet?
You're Jung Su Ji, right?
- Where are you going?
- Let me go.
Follow me.
- Who are you?
- Move.
If you don't, I'll report her to the
police for child abandonment.
Let's go. I also have a lot to say.
Is it because you're a doctor?
You're smarter than you look.
How did you find me?
You were the temporary guardian
for Han Gyul's preschool.
Why are you doing this?
I'm really busy.
I'm busy doing business. I have
no time to take care of my niece.
That's why I sent her to you,
so you can take care of her.
Why should I be responsible...
for her?
I told you.
My sister's life was ruined
because of you.
You should take responsibility
to atone now.
Where is Su Mi right now?
What is she doing
when her child is like that?
Are you laughing? Do you feel
like laughing right now?
Don't you have a conscience?
How could you abandon a young child
irresponsibly like that?
Excuse me.
Sometimes there are situations
where you can't help...
but be irresponsible
even if you want to be responsible.
What kind of situation is that?
Ask her yourself.
Where is she?
- In Cheongju.
- Cheongju?
Our country needed her there.
Do you understand now?
While you were happy
with a rich woman's daughter...
all because
of your distinguished father,
my poor sister's life was ruined.
My phone.
I left it in the waiting room.
Hey! Excuse me!
There's someone in here.
Hey.
Is anybody there?
Dong Ki.
What brings you here?
This is Oh Mok Sin's father.
- This is my wife.
- Long time no see.
You'll have to start calling
her differently.
We will soon become in-laws.
She'll become the
mother-in-law of your son.
That's right.
Mok Sin dressed up today
to meet your daughter.
Ru Ri made a good decision
to marry my son.
We won't make her have a hard time
in our household,
since my wife already passed away.
She was quite impatient.
Why did she hurry off like that?
Here's some medicine for
my daughter-in-law.
It will help make her womb healthy.
Make sure she takes it.
Okay.
Why does your wife look so worried?
Are you guys still talking about
marriage graduation?
Do you think I'd let that happen?
She was begging me to take her back,
so I forgave her.
Is she nicer now?
That's not easy.
I thought so.
She must have
a lot of hard feelings.
Make it concrete.
- What?
- Sleep together.
The physical distance equals to the
psychological distance.
That's why I'm telling you.
Get some restorative Chinese
medicine. It'll give you stamina.
Even if you don't have
any customers,
you can't make me your customer.
It's all for your sake.
They call it the "Ugly 60s".
If you lose your wife's favor,
you might die alone just like
how Jong Gu died.
I'm still alive.
I have so much stamina.
I don't need medicines.
Do you want to see?
Let me show you.
Just wait and see.
I'm late. I need to go.
Come back if you need them.
The medicine is really effective.
Here you go.
We got some Chinese medicine
prescribed for Yeon Ju.
We're cautious because it's
the early stages of her pregnancy,
but this will help strengthen
her womb.
Okay.
But Mrs. Hong...
I have to tell you something
about her pregnancy.
Mother, thank you very much.
I'll take it on time. Thank you.
Okay, forget about dieting.
You must eat a lot for Kyuh La.
Kyuh La?
Oh, right. I forgot.
Here. I got this for you.
Father, what is this?
Lee Kyuh La, let's win.
What does this mean?
Let's win?
Is there a soccer match?
He made a nickname for the baby.
Life is like a battlefield.
Our grandchild should always win.
Please keep calling this name.
Kyuh La, let's win.
Father, that's a really good
nickname.
I'll prepare some coffee.
Don't you like green tea?
Please wait for a minute.
They must be really pleased.
What should I do?
This is serious.
This is very serious.
I'll just tell the truth.
No, you can't. Don't tell them
now when they seem so happy.
Father might hate me.
Lies will only lead to other lies.
They will then follow other lies.
Your belly is supposed to get
bigger soon. What will you do then?
It's better to tell them now.
You can't. Mom, you can't.
Mom, life is all about the timing.
We should not act up.
We need to endure this.
Let's relax. Relax.
Gosh, when did my life
become so negative?
I don't know why this is
happening to me. Gosh.
Do you want sugar?
- Gosh.
Gosh.
Why isn't he coming?
What happened?
Did something happen to him again?
What happened to Jung Tae Yang?
I don't know either.
He was in the refrigerated warehouse
a few moments ago.
I will go and get him.
If both contestants leave
this room at the same time,
it will count as a withdrawal.
You know that, right?
What?
- Can I have that?
- Okay.
- Why is this so hard?
- Do you want me to help you?
What happened with Tae Yang's
father?
Why are you keeping it a secret
to everyone?
- Oh, my!
- You surprised me.
What if Tae Yang doesn't win?
- What?
- That's why I prepared this.
What is that?
Ta-da.
"Don't worry, Tae Yang."
"We have a young father
to take care of us."
What did you say?
It's hard enough raising you two.
You want me to financially support
Tae Yang too?
- Give it to me. I can't.
- Gosh, you're so mean.
Dad.
You need to grow up,
not physically but mentally.
This is not why I raised you guys.
I'm mortified.
- Let's make more balloons.
- Okay.
Mom, the cake!
Oh, my.
Gosh!
- Are you all right?
- Yes.
You shouldn't do this.
You should go inside and rest.
Let's go.
Honey, I'm sorry.
I really want to
tell you everything,
but I'm scared
that I might lose you.
I'm also scared that something
might happen to Tae yang.
If the world learns about this,
will you and Tae Yang be in danger?
Yes.
Who else knows about this?
Does Woo Joo's father
know about this?
No, he probably doesn't.
He can't know about this.
I never told anyone.
Only Tae Yang's father and I
know about this.
Then where is he now?
Do you know where he lives?
Where? Where does he live?
No, I don't know. Gosh.
He must be dead. I'm sure of it.
All right. In that case,
you don't need to worry.
Even if Choi Sun Young tries to
find out about you,
she won't learn anything.
I won't ask you about this anymore.
I can wait until you're ready.
So don't beat yourself up over this.
If you're upset,
we will all be upset as well.
So just promise me that, okay?
What on earth
happened to Jung Tae Yang?
Well, that is...
Don't worry, Chairman.
He was late to the second round
as well.
He must have run away...
because he's either scared
or unsure of himself.
Really?
I didn't know that happened.
Cowards like him participate
from time to time.
They get scared after they meet
their competitors.
Is Jung Tae Yang withdrawing
from the contest?
No, he isn't. He's never going to
give up.
I'll go look for him.
If you go out like this,
it means you're withdrawing.
Manager Jung.
Manager Jung, it's Ru Ri.
Are you in there?
Manager Jung!
Maybe he's not in there.
(Lee Ru Ri)
Something must have happened.
It's here.
Can you please open it for me?
I told you many times.
No one would be in there.
Please, just for once.
I'll just take a look.
It's not something difficult.
Gosh.
Manager Jung.
Manager Jung. Wake up, Manager Jung.
Manager Jung!
No, you can't die!
Why aren't you
calling the ambulance?
All right.
Manager Jung! Manager Jung!
We'll be announcing the winner
of the menu developing contest.
The Chairman himself will be
announcing the winner.
Well done, everyone.
I want to thank you again
for participating in this contest.
After considering carefully,
we've decided...
that the winner is
No Ji Shim's team,
who made egg and sweet potato
patatas bravas and meat jeon.
We won!
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You've worked so hard, Chairman.
What happened to Jung Tae Yang?
I was right.
I found out that he had withdrawn
from the contest.
Really?
That's disappointing.
I must have misread him.
It seems like you've known him
for a long time.
How do you know him?
Let's just say that
he saved my life.
Unfortunately, we might
not see each other again.
You can go now.
All right. Goodbye.
(Jung Tae Yang)
Jung Tae Yang.
Where am I...
Manager Jung. Are you awake?
I thought you were going to die.
Who's this? Are you Ru Ri?
Manager Jung.
Why is it so dark here?
Is it still night?
Can you not see anything?
Can't you see anything because
you were trapped in the fridge?
Wait here. I'll call the doctor.
No, wait.
It's just my eyes are still frozen.
It's still cold. Thaw my eyes
like this.
Your eyes?
- Hurry up.
- Okay.
This one too.
This one?
Are you okay now?
My eyes are fine. Thaw my lips.
Lips? Okay.
Hey. Are you naive or dumb?
How can you joke around?
You're so mean.
You're sick in bed because
you were trapped in the fridge,
but that company blamed you
and didn't care.
I was worried you wouldn't wake up.
I almost had a heart attack.
Do you like me that much?
I'll leave now that you're awake.
Take me with you.
No, you can't get up.
The doctor said you should stay
in the hospital tonight.
I don't want to stay here.
I have to go before my mom
gets worried.
What are you going to do now?
What can I do?
I should go back to Guam.
I blew up the competition.
I can't stay jobless.
Am I not going to see you again?
I know...
you were going to follow my decision
if we win the competition,
but since we didn't win,
our relationship's over as well.
Follow me.
To where?
There's something
I want to show you.
What do you think?
This is beautiful.
Is this a reward for
what I went through today?
This is nice.
Manager Jung.
Lie down here.
Come on.
What do you see?
I see a few stars in dark night sky.
What's really beautiful isn't
fancy lights,
but the stars that glow in the dark.
Do you know why?
Someone must turn on the light,
but stars glow by themselves.
That's why they are
valuable and loved.
Get it?
Do what you want to do from now on,
and meet someone you love.
Actually...
I wanted to cook.
After listening to you,
I thought there must be at least
one thing I'm good at,
so if I really got the job,
I was going to try my best.
I'm sorry...
for being trapped in the fridge.
Anyway, if you want to try,
you can still learn it now.
I'll support you from afar.
Can you do that from nearby?
Don't go.
I realized it when you collapsed.
I'm hopeless without you.
Be my teacher, and teach me
one by one...
beside me.
Teach me little by little.
Teach me how to cook.
Rather than going on a blind date,
meet someone you love.
Of course...
Of course.
Things will get complicated
if you start dating me.
Your father will be against it.
I'm prepared for that.
Once I start, I have to see the end.
If you run away...
I got fired before,
but I never ran away.
Are you sure about this?
I'm...
not sure,
but I'm going to try my best...
to be proud...
to myself and to Dad.
Okay.
I appoint you...
as my favorite pupil from now on.
Thank you, Manager... No.
Master Jung.
Okay.
Thank you.
Who's this?
- Dad.
- Speak louder!
Dad.
Yes. Listen to him from now on,
so that you don't get kicked out.
My sister's life was ruined
because of you.
You should take responsibility
to atone now.
Dad.
My dad.
Are you sure I'll get pregnant if I
put this inside my husband's pillow?
Why can't you trust me?
I paid so much money...
to a very powerful shaman for this,
so just trust me.
Okay. I need to get pregnant before
Father and my husband find out.
How do I use this by the way?
Take all your underwear out.
Since it's pretty big,
make a pocket and put it inside
your panties.
Mom!
I can't put it inside my panties.
It's embarrassing!
You're home.
- I'm home.
- Welcome.
Welcome, my son-in-law.
You look tired.
You can rest now.
Honey. Why do you look so tired
today?
Do you want to take a bath?
It's fine. You should be resting.
I'm fine. I'll do it.
I'm sorry, Yeon Ju.
For what?
I don't deserve to be your husband.
Things got so complicated...
when you're pregnant.
What's complicated?
Never mind.
It's nothing.
You should only think about
our baby.
Okay.
I will.
That woman.
She used to like me so much.
Why did she get so cold?
She must have
a lot of hard feelings.
Make it concrete.
Sleep together.
The physical distance equals to the
psychological distance.
Yes, Nam Cheol gave me something...
for moments like this.
Let me see.
The medicine will work
faster this way.
This is so much simpler.
Why would I need
expensive Chinese medicine?
Oh, my.
I feel so much better now.
Hong Young Hye.
We won't sleep in separate rooms
from now on.
You should be prepared for this.
Gosh, it's me.
It's Shin Mo, your husband.
What are you doing here?
It's my room.
You're creeping me out.
We're not strangers,
and I'm not a pervert.
I wanted to stay the night with you
as your husband.
Why did you need to make
such a big fuss?
Gosh, never mind.
Never mind. I won't do this.
This is unfair.
Let's just hold hands.
No, don't come near me.
Just... Just stay there.
Don't come near me. Stay there.
This is an order.
Don't come near me.
What? An order? Goodness.
Gosh, Young Hye.
You want to do this?
All right, let's do this.
What are you doing?
I told you not to come near me.
Don't come near me. Don't.
- Oh, my. You want to do this?
- Don't come.
- You do?
- Gosh.
- Oh, my.
Hey, Hog Young Hye! Gosh!
Stay right there.
I know what you mean.
But for today,
you should sleep here.
I'll sleep in the living room.
Stop!
If you...
move one step out of this room,
we're done for.
What did you say?
Come here.
Shin Mo.
All problems for couples come from
staying in separate rooms.
We'll stay in the same room
and solve problems here,
even if one snores,
grinds one's teeth,
or farts in this room.
Come here right now.
Gosh.
Aren't you coming? This is an order.
I'm counting to three.
One.
Shin Mo.
Don't say anything, and come here.
Two.
Are you all right?
Your face is...
What?
What's wrong with my face?
Why is it so red
like a monkey's buttocks?
Shin Mo.
It's all right even if it's red.
Come here.
Three.
Shin Mo!
How are you feeling?
I...
He said he had a headache,
stuffy nose,
and that his heart
was beating really fast.
He had a ministroke a few weeks ago.
Does this have anything
to do with that?
Do you feel any pain down there?
Down there?
You mean down there?
Yes, I do.
It really feels painful there.
Did you have an aphrodisiac?
What are you talking about?
You know what I mean. Viagra.
I've never even seen that before.
Why would you need that?
Really?
It seems like a typical side-effect
of aphrodisiacs made in China.
No, that's not it.
I have a contempt for men
who use such things.
How low can they get?
It's a relief then.
If you don't do something quickly
about its side-effects,
in the worst case scenario,
the tissues there could be harmed.
In that case, you need to cut it off
through surgery. Goodbye.
Wait, Doctor.
Wait... Wait a moment.
In fact, I did take it.
The Viagra made in China.
He can't be serious.
(Kevin Miller)
I just know that he lived at
an orphanage in Jeolla Province,
and got adopted in the US
when he was six.
Kevin Miller.
What are you looking at?
I'm looking at the picture of
the Chairman of SC Foods.
He's from the US,
and he is so charismatic.
You should take a look too.
I don't want to. I don't like him
because he didn't pick you.
Come downstairs.
Let's have breakfast.
- You're early.
- Yes.
How did you get out?
I lied to them that I was
going to the library.
What is this about?
Why did you tell me to come here?
There's someone we need to meet.
Where's the Chairman's room?
Did you make an appointment?
No.
But I really need to meet him.
I'm sorry, but you can't meet him
without an appointment.
Please.
If that's too hard,
just let me make one call.
You should go.
I just need to give this to him.
- Go away.
- What floor is he at?
You should go.
Gosh, please go.
Isn't that the Chairman?
Stop there. Stop!
- Hey.
- I just need a moment.
Do you know where this is?
I just need a moment.
What is this?
I wanted to meet the Chairman.
Please spare some time for us.
You withdrew from the contest
that day.
What are you doing here?
We had a problem.
He nearly died because he was locked
up in the refrigerated warehouse.
The refrigerated warehouse?
There was an accident?
That's all just an excuse.
What are you doing? Take them away.
I'm sorry. Let's go.
Wait.
Take them to my room.
Chairman Kevin.
Gosh.
It hurts. Go easy on me.
You should have listened to me.
Why did you get a "Viagrab"?
It's all because of you!
Don't even mention the alphabet
"v" in front of me.
Have you resolved with your wife?
Don't get me started.
She treats me like a pervert now.
What should I do?
I stopped her from the
marriage graduation,
but our relationship's
worse than before.
So work things out with her
rather than trying to seize her.
Just like what you did to
your daughter.
What are you talking about?
I didn't do anything to Ru Ri.
Mok Sin told me you got her...
a studio apartment for her to
get prepared for job interviews.
He said she lives there,
and rarely visits home.
What are you talking about?
I'll shave her head
if she sleeps outside.
Really?
That's not true.
He said he's going to have ramyeon
at her apartment today.
What?
Ru Ri went to the library today.
What are you talking about?
What's all this?
It's the meal I prepared that day.
You withdrew. Are you doing this...
to earn our sympathy?
No. I'm not interested
in your sympathy.
Then what are you doing here?
I heard you were adopted to
the US when you were six.
You returned to your motherland
after 46 years.
I wanted to treat you with
a good meal.
You're being so nosy.
So how are you going to treat me
with a good meal?
I think a good memory
is the best taste,
so I want to treat you with the
meals you had when you were young.
These dishes are from
your hometown, Namdo.
This is Beolgyo cockles jeon.
This is Yeonggwang yellow corvina.
This is Jangheung seaweed
fulvescens soup.
Lastly, this is white rice
and a fried egg.
Back then, these dishes were rare.
I assumed they fed you this
before you left.
Nice!
Eat a lot.
Tonight is your last night in Korea.
- Here. Go ahead.
- Okay.
Do you know what this is?
This is...
- Are you...
- Bali in 2010.
Mr. X from Malio Resort?
Yes. What is it?
Did you get Ru Ri
a studio apartment?
No. What are you talking about?
This girl lied to me again.
I'm going to check it now.
Honey. Honey.
Hey, hey.
Ask your son where that
studio apartment is.
- Why?
- Ask him now.
Just ask him for the address.
Don't say anything else.
You're so weird.
I've been searching for you
for six years.
I established this company
to find you.
How do you know him?
I was suffering from dengue fever
alone...
in the hotel room in Bali
seven years ago.
I was sick, and I lost appetite.
I was about to starve to death
because I couldn't even drink water.
Then one day, I started getting
delicious Korean food.
That helped me recover.
Are you the one who cooked this?
Yes. I work here as a club mate.
I heard your situation from
the manager.
I volunteered to cook.
What's this bracelet?
My mother gave me the bracelet,
saying that it'll protect me
anywhere I go.
I know how you feel because
I also live alone away from home.
You feel lonely when you're sick.
What's your name?
I'm Jung Tae Yang
(Jung Tae Yang)
I searched for you...
after I returned to the US,
but you already left.
You didn't even leave your address
in Korea.
But we met each other again here.
Thank you for remembering me.
Hire him for
the menu development team.
Chairman Kevin.
Chairman Kevin, you can't do that.
It's not fair. There will be
a lot of oppositions.
The basics of food come from
the heart of chef.
Even if they use the same
ingredients and have similar skills,
the food tastes different
depending on their spirit.
He's sincere to his customers.
He's good enough to be a chef
that I want.
Hire him.
Why are you staring at me?
Is there something on my face?
You're amazing. You were amazing
seven years ago as well.
You just noticed it?
You'll start working from Monday.
Get ready for it.
Yes. I'm so excited.
I want to scream.
I finally got a job!
I should tell Mom this good news.
Mom. I have good news.
Where are you?
Me?
Of course I'm in the library.
I have a bad feeling.
Dad called to ask if I got you
a studio apartment.
When I said I didn't,
he said he'll check now.
What?
Myung Rang's studio apartment?
- My goodness.
- Help me, Mom.
Stop Dad from meeting Myung Rang.
Where is it? Give me the address.
Mok Sin told me you got her...
a studio apartment for her to
get prepared for job interviews.
She lives there.
My son said
her eyes are really small.
It's strange.
It's very strange.
Sir, please hurry up.
My life depends on it. Please.